Mention required steps for Godot 3.2+ in part 3 of FPS tutorial (#4510)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/3d/fps_tutorial/part_three.rst

.. warning:: ``Space_Level.tscn`` is more graphically demanding of the GPU than ``Ruins_Level.tscn``. If your computer is struggling to render
          ``Space_Level.tscn``, try using ``Ruins_Level.tscn`` instead.

> .. note::
>     Due to Godot updates since this tutorial was published, if you are using Godot 3.2 or later, you may need to apply the following changes to the Space Level and Ruins Level scenes:
> 
>     - Open ``res://assets/Space_Level_Objects/Space_Level.tscn``.
>     - In the Scene tree dock, select the **Floor_and_Celing** node. In the Inspector dock, if the Mesh Library field under GridMap is ``[empty]``, set it to ``Space_Level_Mesh_Lib.tres`` by dragging the file ``res://assets/Space_Level_Objects/Space_Level_Mesh_Lib.tres`` from the FileSystem dock to that field.
>     - Do the same for the **Walls** node.
>     
>     - Open ``res://assets/Ruin_Level_Objects/Ruins_Level.tscn``.
>     - In the Scene tree dock, select the **Floor** node. In the Inspector dock, if the Mesh Library field under GridMap is ``[empty]``, set it to ``Ruin_Level_Mesh_Lib.tres`` by dragging the file ``res://assets/Ruin_Level_Objects/Ruin_Level_Mesh_Lib.tres`` from the FileSystem dock into that field.
>     - Do the same for the **Walls** node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::

    Due to Godot updates since this tutorial was published, if you are using Godot 3.2 or later, you may need to apply the following changes to the Space Level and Ruins Level scenes:

    - Open ``res://assets/Space_Level_Objects/Space_Level.tscn``.
    - In the Scene tree dock, select the **Floor_and_Celing** node. In the Inspector dock, if the Mesh Library field under GridMap is ``[empty]``, set it to ``Space_Level_Mesh_Lib.tres`` by dragging the file ``res://assets/Space_Level_Objects/Space_Level_Mesh_Lib.tres`` from the FileSystem dock to that field.
    - Do the same for the **Walls** node.
    
    - Open ``res://assets/Ruin_Level_Objects/Ruins_Level.tscn``.
    - In the Scene tree dock, select the **Floor** node. In the Inspector dock, if the Mesh Library field under GridMap is ``[empty]``, set it to ``Ruin_Level_Mesh_Lib.tres`` by dragging the file ``res://assets/Ruin_Level_Objects/Ruin_Level_Mesh_Lib.tres`` from the FileSystem dock into that field.
    - Do the same for the **Walls** node.
```

.. warning:: ``Space_Level.tscn`` is more graphically demanding of the GPU than ``Ruins_Level.tscn``. If your computer is struggling to render
          ``Space_Level.tscn``, try using ``Ruins_Level.tscn`` instead.

> .. note::
>           * Due to software updates since this tutorial was published, if you are using a recent version of Godot, you may need to apply the following changes to the Space Level and Ruins Level scenes:
> 
> 	* Open up Space_Level.tscn (res://assets/Space_Level_Objects/Space_Level.tscn).
> 	* In the Scene dock, select the Floor_and_Celing node. In the Inspector dock, if the Mesh Library field under GridMap is "[empty]",
>           set it to Space_Level_Mesh_Lib.tres, either by (1) dragging the file res://assets/Space_Level_Objects/Space_Level_Mesh_Lib.tres
>           from the FileSystem dock into that field; or by (2) clicking on "[empty]" to expand the pulldown menu, selecting Load
>           and navigating to the file.
> 	* Do the same for the Walls node.
> 
> 	* Open up Ruins_Level.tscn (res://assets/Ruin_Level_Objects/Ruins_Level.tscn).
> 	* In the Scene dock, select the Floor node. In the Inspector dock, if the Mesh Library field under GridMap is "[empty]",
>           set it to Ruin_Level_Mesh_Lib.tres, either by (1) dragging the file res://assets/Ruin_Level_Objects/Ruin_Level_Mesh_Lib.tres
>           from the FileSystem dock into that field; or by (2) clicking on "[empty]" to expand the pulldown menu, selecting Load
>           and navigating to the file.
> 	* Do the same for the Walls node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::
    Due to Godot updates since this tutorial was published, if you are using Godot 3.2 or later, you may need to apply the following changes to the Space Level and Ruins Level scenes:

    - Open ``res://assets/Space_Level_Objects/Space_Level.tscn``.
    - In the Scene tree dock, select the **Floor_and_Celing** node. In the Inspector dock, if the Mesh Library field under GridMap is ``[empty]``, set it to ``Space_Level_Mesh_Lib.tres`` by dragging the file ``res://assets/Space_Level_Objects/Space_Level_Mesh_Lib.tres`` from the FileSystem dock to that field.
    - Do the same for the **Walls** node.
    
    - Open ``res://assets/Ruin_Level_Objects/Ruins_Level.tscn``.
    - In the Scene tree dock, select the **Floor** node. In the Inspector dock, if the Mesh Library field under GridMap is ``[empty]``, set it to ``Ruin_Level_Mesh_Lib.tres`` by dragging the file ``res://assets/Ruin_Level_Objects/Ruin_Level_Mesh_Lib.tres`` from the FileSystem dock into that field.
    - Do the same for the **Walls** node.
```
